{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 04 wallpaper\
Xml\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>\
<RelativeLayout xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"\
    xmlns:app="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res-auto"\
    xmlns:tools="http://schemas.android.com/tools"\
    android:layout_width="match_parent"\
    android:layout_height="match_parent"\
    tools:context=".MainActivity">\
    <Button\
        android:id="@+id/button1" \
        android:layout_width="wrap_content" \
        android:layout_height="wrap_content" \
        android:layout_alignParentEnd="true"\
        android:layout_alignParentRight="true" \
        android:layout_alignParentBottom="true" \
        android:layout_marginEnd="167dp" \
        android:layout_marginRight="167dp"\
        android:layout_marginBottom="409dp" \
        android:text="CLICK HERE" />\
</RelativeLayout>\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Java\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 package com.example.a04;\
import androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity;\
import android.app.WallpaperManager;\
import android.graphics.Bitmap;\
import android.graphics.BitmapFactory;\
import android.graphics.drawable.BitmapDrawable;\
import android.graphics.drawable.Drawable;\
import android.os.Bundle;\
import android.os.Handler;\
import android.view.View;\
import android.widget.Button;\
import android.widget.Toast;\
import java.io.IOException;\
import java.util.Timer;\
import java.util.TimerTask;\
public class MainActivity extends AppCompatActivity \{ Button wallpaperChange;\
    Timer mytimer;\
    Drawable drawable;\
    WallpaperManager wpm; int prev=1;\
    @Override\
    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) \{\
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState); setContentView(R.layout.
\f1\i activity_main
\f0\i0 );\
        mytimer=new Timer();\
        wpm = WallpaperManager.
\f1\i getInstance
\f0\i0 (this); wallpaperChange=(Button)findViewById(R.id.
\f1\i button1
\f0\i0 ); wallpaperChange.setOnClickListener(new View.OnClickListener() \{\
            @Override public void onClick(View view) \{\
                setwallpaper(); \}\
        \}); \}\
    private void setwallpaper() \{\
        Toast.
\f1\i makeText
\f0\i0 (this,"setting Wallpaper please wait.",Toast.
\f1\i LENGTH_LONG
\f0\i0 ).show();\
        mytimer.schedule(new TimerTask() \{ @Override\
        public void run()\
        \{\
            if(prev==1) \{\
                drawable = getResources().getDrawable(R.drawable.
\f1\i i1
\f0\i0 ); prev = 2;\
            \}\
            else if(prev==2) \{\
                drawable = getResources().getDrawable(R.drawable.
\f1\i i2
\f0\i0 ); prev=3; \}\
            else if(prev==3) \{\
                drawable = getResources().getDrawable(R.drawable.
\f1\i i3
\f0\i0 ); prev=4;\
            \}\
            else if(prev==4) \{\
                drawable = getResources().getDrawable(R.drawable.
\f1\i i4
\f0\i0 ); prev=5; \}\
            else if(prev==5) \{\
                drawable = getResources().getDrawable(R.drawable.
\f1\i i5
\f0\i0 ); prev=1;\
            \}\
            Bitmap wallpaper = ((BitmapDrawable)drawable).getBitmap(); try \{ wpm.setBitmap(wallpaper);\
        \}\
        catch (IOException e) \{ e.printStackTrace(); \}\
        \}\
        \},0,30000);\
    \} \}\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}